chore: add 0.64.0 summary notes (#421)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/releases/overview.md

- [Vega transaction gas costs and priorities](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/specs/blob/master/protocol/0079-TGAP-transaction_gas_and_priority.md) Vega doesn't charge users gas costs per transaction, however, there are still constraints in the system processing capacity. In order to ensure liveness each transaction will have an associated gas cost, this allows the protocol to ensure that each block will contain only transactions up to a certain block "gas limit".

This deployment brings with it many other fixes and improvements leading up to Alpha Mainnet; check out the full details of this combined release in the Vega core [0.63.0 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/releases/tag/v0.63.0), [0.63.1 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/releases/tag/v0.63.1), [0.63.2 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/releases/tag/v0.63.2) and [0.64.0 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/releases/tag/v0.64.0) release pages.

> :::warning API deprecations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning Deprecations
```

Reviewer: In this case it's not API related so I trimmed it for this specific instance

> **Vega Wallet**: As development progresses in order to fully remove the V1 wallet API a number of changes have been introduced resulting in the deprecation of commands in the wallet. These will be removed in the next release giving time for users, where required, to update and use the new commands. To find out more please see the issues [7065 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/7065), [7066 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/7066) and [7068 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/7068)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Vega Wallet**: A number of changes have been introduced resulting in the deprecation of commands in the Vega CLI wallet. 

These will be removed in the next release. 

To find out more please see the issues [7065 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/7065), [7066 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/7066) and [7068 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/7068)
```

:::

:::caution Breaking changes

> **Data node V1 APIs removed**: As flagged over the previous release summary notes the data node V1 APIs have now been removed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Data node V1 APIs removed**: As flagged previously, the data node V1 APIs have now been removed. 
```
